c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\DebuggingDemo.dll.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\DebuggingDemo.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\DebuggingDemo.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\obj\Debug\DebuggingDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\obj\Debug\DebuggingDemo.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DebuggingDemo\DebuggingDemo\obj\Debug\DebuggingDemo.pdb
